com/example/tinder/data/model/Location.java
 com.example.tinder.data.model.Location
com/example/tinder/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.tinder.BuildConfig
com/example/tinder/databinding/FragmentNotificationBinding.java
 com.example.tinder.databinding.FragmentNotificationBinding
com/example/tinder/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.tinder.home.HomeViewModel
 com.example.tinder.home.HomeViewModel$1
com/example/tinder/data/remote/SOService.java
 com.example.tinder.data.remote.SOService
com/example/tinder/data/model/Name.java
 com.example.tinder.data.model.Name
com/example/tinder/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.tinder.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/tinder/data/model/SOProfileResponse.java
 com.example.tinder.data.model.SOProfileResponse
com/example/tinder/data/model/Result.java
 com.example.tinder.data.model.Result
com/example/tinder/favoutite/FavouriteFragment.java
 com.example.tinder.favoutite.FavouriteFragment
com/example/tinder/data/remote/RetrofitClient.java
 com.example.tinder.data.remote.RetrofitClient
com/example/tinder/databinding/FragmentFavouriteBinding.java
 com.example.tinder.databinding.FragmentFavouriteBinding
com/example/tinder/notification/NotificationFragment.java
 com.example.tinder.notification.NotificationFragment
com/example/tinder/databinding/LayoutItemSwipeCardBinding.java
 com.example.tinder.databinding.LayoutItemSwipeCardBinding
com/example/tinder/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.tinder.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/tinder/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tinder.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/tinder/data/model/User.java
 com.example.tinder.data.model.User
com/example/tinder/data/remote/ApiUtils.java
 com.example.tinder.data.remote.ApiUtils
com/example/tinder/MainViewModel.java
 com.example.tinder.MainViewModel
com/example/tinder/MainActivity.java
 com.example.tinder.MainActivity
 com.example.tinder.MainActivity$1
 com.example.tinder.MainActivity$2
 com.example.tinder.MainActivity$3
com/example/tinder/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.tinder.home.HomeFragment
com/example/tinder/home/SwipeAdapter.java
 com.example.tinder.home.SwipeAdapter
 com.example.tinder.home.SwipeAdapter$1
 com.example.tinder.home.SwipeAdapter$2
 com.example.tinder.home.SwipeAdapter$3
 com.example.tinder.home.SwipeAdapter$4
 com.example.tinder.home.SwipeAdapter$5
 com.example.tinder.home.SwipeAdapter$6
